Okay in this video we are going to be
taking a look at creating Spring Mock
MVC Tests for the Visit
Controller. Again, George has made a
contribution here to the project. You can see
that I'm running a little bit behind.
It's November and he did this in October.
Sorry I was focused on knocking out a bunch
of content for the testing course but
coming back to the Spring Pet Clinic
project and getting caught up on some of
the contributions here. So we can see
here that GitHub says that we
can merge this. There's no conflict.
Nothing conflicted. We have one file
that changed. It's a brand new file
that has been added. So that file the
VisitControllerTest did not exist
before, so of course there's not going to
be any conflicts. What I want to try
here is we have something called GitHub
Checks. This allows the CI build to
run with this. I'm not 100% sure this is
going to work. But I do want to step
through it and see if we can get it to
work.
I'm going to come over here. The one
thing I need to do is come over here to
settings and go to VCS and we can say
manage GitHub checks. So I'm going to go
into the settings. This is going to
be global. So it's going to take all my
repositories. So I'm going to go ahead
and allow this to happen. I'm going to say
to install this.
Go ahead and confirm my password
there.
We can see that CircleCI Checks
has been installed on my account.
I don't this is going to
run automatically.
You can see if it does
or not. Apparently it does not.
I've seen this work before. I've
had it working on other GitHub
repositories and what's going to happen
with a pull request is that it is going
to run a CI build. We'll actually get a
build in there. So I'm going to try to
get this set up at some point in the
future. I did not have it enabled on
my GitHub repository. But now it is. So
future pull requests should trigger a
build for us. So I'm going to come in here
and go ahead and merge this pull
request.
Now this merge action of course is going
to trigger a build ticker. So come over
here to jobs. You can see that the CI
built already kicked off automatically
so that is going to go ahead and run
upon the merge. What I'm trying to
get happening is we can actually do
changes. I'll record a video in the
future for that now that I have the
functionality enabled. What we'll see
is checks will actually execute.
So we can see that this did not happen
here. But if I have things set up we can
run a check with Circle CI
being that a build is going to run.
Usually it's going to be in a scenario
where I branch this repository and do a
feature branch PR back in. I'll do a
example of that in an upcoming video. But
for now, I want to go ahead and let's
pull this down and jump over to IntelliJ.
We will do a pull. Pull things down.
This is a brand new class, the test
that was added by George. I appreciate
the contribution there. I'm just
going to run the single test. Nothing else
changed. We'll just make sure that
everything runs. I am just looking
through the test that he set up.
And we did get one to fail.
I'm going to pause this video and
research why this test is failing.
Okay, I took a little closer look to see
what's happening and what I've done is
went into the VisitController and let's
set up a breakpoint. I'm going to click
in the gutter here to get that little
red dot. Let's go ahead and run this
in debug.
What's happening here is we can see
here if we look at the binding result
problem is that we have one errors and
we can see the date is not happy. So
it's rejecting the value here. There is a
mismatch unfortunately. What's
happening is the error of the test is
we're expecting a redirect to be
successful but our result is having
errors and that's because the date is
not binding properly. so let's come back
over here and I'm going to come into the
Visit. We can see that the date is null
but we come over here to the test, we're
expecting the redirection but we are
setting the date property so this date
is not parsing properly. That's
that's the root cause. What's
happened is George actually created
another pull request and in this pull
request we can see, let's take a look at
the file change. He's have adding in the
to the dataBinder, we are adding in the
LocalDate so that's going to bind and
parse that text. So we're going to take
in text or a String I should say and we
will parse that to a LocalDate. So
that's the functionality that we want. So
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
come over here
and let's go ahead and merge in this
pull request. Because that's going to fix the
problem. I'm not going to debug it
further because that is actually going to
fix the problem here because that date
is not being parsed properly. So I'm
going to stop this in the debugger and
come up to Git.
And now we'll come down here and say
pull.
That's coming down. We can also see, if
come over to Circle CI while this is
running, we can see that that failed and
of course I got an email saying that
that had failed. But in fact George had
provided a two pull request. So
technically you don't want to provide a
failing pull request. Ideally you could
have added an additional commits there
to do it all as one package. So this
did cause my build to fail with this
condition but I can see why he set
this up because we're actually looking
at two different issues. So he's
looking at 72 and then forget the other
one.
72 and 73. So let's see here. Circle CI
that has run. That is happy because we
now have all the code there and let's
come in here and we'll rerun that one
failing test.
With that DataBinder in there
that should execute properly. We will get
the redirect as expected. So this is now
functioning properly so what I'm going
to do is come over to these here.
That was for the Date Validation. You can see
George did
that so I'm just going to go ahead and that is closed.
And double check the other one. 72 and 73.
So that other one closed because if you
put in closes and the issue number into
the comments. So I'm going to go ahead
and close this one out.
So that's closed. So George has
submitted three pull requests and
closed out a few issues for us.
Let's just come back to issues and that
leaves just a couple more pull requests
here and we will address these in
an upcoming video. I'll do these in
separate videos. But special thanks to
George for contributing test to our
Spring Pet Clinic Project.